added contributing to 5.0.0 section (#8404)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: docs/content/develop/make-a-breaking-change.md

The process of contributing to the major release `5.0.0` follows most of the [General contributing steps]({{< ref "/get-started/contributing" >}}), with the following exceptions

1. Use `FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0` branch instead of the `main` branch as the base branch when you
   * checkout your working branch where you make your code changes.
   * sync your working branch using `git rebase` or `git merge`.
   * create a pull request in the magic-modules repo.
2. Make sure that you checkout to the `FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0` branch in your downstream `google` and `google-beta` repos before generating the providers locally.
3. If your change is a follow-up to a recent commit to main that is not yet contained in the released branch, it is strongly encouraged to wait until the branch sync and resolve any merge conflicts in the PR. 
   For example, if you are removing a field that has been recently deprecated in main. 

>    The release branch is synced with main on a weekly basis every Monday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release branch is synced with main on a weekly basis every Monday.
```

* https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/pull/5263 changed the default value for the field and added an upgrade guide entry
* Note: In 4.0.0 the upgrade guide was split between main and the major release branch. Going forward, those changes will be made against main exclusively.

> ## Contributing to the next major release (`5.0.0`)

Reviewer: I'd suggest making this a subheading of `## Making a breaking change` (i.e. three `#`s) before `Renaming a Field`

> For the next major release, `5.0.0`, a specific branch named [`FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0`](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0) will be managed parallel to `main` in the magic-modules repo.

Reviewer: Could we make this more user-focused? Along the lines of "For the `5.0.0` major release, the major release branch that you'll contribute to is [`FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0`](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0).`

> All breaking changes targeting `5.0.0` must be committed to `FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0`.

Reviewer: We should cover how folks that made a change in `main` and now need to follow it up in `5.0.0` should do so. Naively, they'd need to replay those changes, possibly introducing a merge conflict. Should we encourage them to wait until a branch sync? If so, can we state how often they'll sync?

A downstream branch with the same name `FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0` will also be created to track the generated `5.0.0` changes in both [`google`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/tree/FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0) and [`google-beta`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/tree/FEATURE-BRANCH-major-release-5.0.0) provider repos

> The process of contributing to the major release `5.0.0` should follow most of the [General contributing steps]({{< ref "/get-started/contributing" >}}), with the following exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process of contributing to the major release `5.0.0` follows most of the [General contributing steps]({{< ref "/get-started/contributing" >}}), with the following exceptions
```
